Remove the binder infrastructure (#538)
PTB-MR/mrpro: docs/source/examples.rst

========

Notebooks with examples of how you can use MRpro.

> All the notebooks can be launched in Colab using the badge.

Author: Maybe we can add the global colab link
```rst
.. |colab-badge| image:: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg
    :target: https://colab.research.google.com/github/PTB-MR/mrpro
```
here is as well

Reviewer: yes, please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each notebook can be launched in `Colab <https://colab.research.google.com/github/PTB-MR/mrpro)>`_
```
